{
  "scenes": [
    {
      "scene_number": 1,
      "learning_objective": "Show that a limit depends on the value approached near a point, even when the graph has a hole at that point.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'What the Limit Approaches' at the top. Use the standard title, middle, and bottom zones from MANIM.md. In the middle zone, place the limit statement lim x->2 f(x) = 4 near the upper-middle as the algebra anchor, giving it a highlight treatment so it reads as the key claim of the scene. Below it, create a coordinate plane sized to stay inside the middle bounds. Draw the line-shaped graph in two separate pieces so the point at x = 2 is missing. Mark the missing point with an open-circle style symbol and place the coordinate label (2, 4) just above it. Then show a left-approach marker near the graph together with a short left-side approach note, using the same highlight family as the top limit statement so the directional annotation is visually linked to the main claim. Replace that approach block with a right-approach marker and matching right-side approach note, keeping the plane, graph, hole marker, and top limit statement visible throughout. Use default styling for the plane, graph, and hole label, and reserve final-answer styling for the copied bottom limit statement only. Show only one side-approach annotation block at a time: first the left-approach block, then replace it with the right-approach block. Treat the left-approach and right-approach notes as temporary comparison blocks attached to the plane, not as permanent extra labels. Finish by copying the top limit statement to the bottom as the scene conclusion.",
      "voice_notes": "Show that the graph has a missing point at x = 2, but from both sides the y-values approach 4, so the limit is still 4."
    },
    {
      "scene_number": 2,
      "learning_objective": "Evaluate removable-discontinuity limits by testing direct substitution, recognizing the indeterminate form, then factoring and simplifying before substituting again.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'Simplify Before Substituting' at the top. In the middle zone, place the first example lim x->2 (x^2 - 4)/(x - 2) near the upper-middle. Replace it with the direct-substitution version, then append a separate = 0/0 result to the right so the indeterminate form is explicit, giving that 0/0 outcome a dedicated warning-style treatment. Replace that combined line with the factored form. Temporarily highlight the common factor that appears in both the numerator and denominator so the cancellation target is visually obvious, then replace the expression with the simplified limit lim x->2 (x + 2). Replace that with the substituted form lim x->2 (2 + 2), then append = 4 to the right to complete the first result, styling the appended numeric answer as final-result content. Keep that completed first result visible. Below it, introduce the second example lim x->1 (x^2 - 1)/(x - 1). Follow the same sequence: direct substitution, separate 0/0 result on the right, factored form, temporary common-factor highlight, simplified limit lim x->1 (x + 1), substituted form lim x->1 (1 + 1), and appended = 2 on the right. Use default styling for the main limit expressions and their rewrites, warning-style treatment for the 0/0 outcomes, temporary highlight treatment for the repeated factor during each factoring step, and final-result styling for the appended numeric answers and the final bottom summary. Keep the first example centered near the upper-middle throughout its rewrite sequence. When the first result is complete, keep that full result block in place and introduce the second example below it with enough vertical separation to preserve readability. During the second example, the active middle content should be the completed first result plus the current state of the second example. The 0/0 and final numeric answer should appear as separate right-side additions rather than being baked into the original limit expression. Finish by copying the two completed results into a single bottom summary that states both evaluated limits.",
      "voice_notes": "Direct substitution gives 0/0 in both examples, so simplify first by factoring, identify the common factor, cancel it conceptually through the rewrite, then substitute again to get the final limit values 4 and 2."
    }
  ]
}
