{
  "scenes": [
    {
      "scene_number": 1,
      "learning_objective": "Solve one-step equations by applying the same inverse operation to both sides and isolating x.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'One-Step Equations' at the top for the full scene. Use the standard three-zone layout: title at the top, worked math in the middle, final takeaway at the bottom. In the middle zone, place the first equation x + 7 = 12 near the upper-middle, centered horizontally so there is room for a cue below it. Add a same-operation cue directly below it to show subtraction on both sides, and make the cue read as an annotation rather than as part of the equation. Replace the full equation-and-cue block with x = 5 in the same location, then clear that solved block before starting the next example so only one worked example is active in the middle at a time. Next, place 3x = 15 in the same upper-middle position. Briefly replace it with an equivalent version where only the coefficient 3 is highlighted so the viewer can infer what is being undone. Add a same-operation cue directly below it showing division by 3 on both sides, again styling the cue distinctly from the main equation. Replace that block with x = 5 in the same location, this time treating the solved result as final-answer content. Finish by copying the solved result to the bottom zone as the concluding answer while keeping the solved middle result visible until the end. Use default styling for the first equation, distinct focus styling for the highlighted coefficient, distinct annotation styling for the cues, and final-answer styling for the second solved equation and the bottom conclusion. Match the current script exactly: one title, two middle examples shown sequentially, and one bottom conclusion derived from the second solved equation. Use whole-expression replacement for each simplification, and use the bottom result as a copy of the solved middle equation rather than as an independently introduced statement.",
      "voice_notes": "Apply the same inverse operation to both sides to keep the equation balanced. First subtract 7 from both sides to get x = 5. Then divide both sides by 3 to isolate x in the second example, again giving x = 5."
    }
  ]
}
