{
  "scenes": [
    {
      "scene_number": 1,
      "learning_objective": "Evaluate substituted expressions by following the order of operations in a visible, step-by-step sequence.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'Order of Operations' at the top. Use the standard three-zone layout from MANIM.md. In the upper-middle, place a compact PEMDAS reminder and leave it visible for the full scene as the reference anchor. Below that, show the first worked example as a two-line block: the expression 4 + 2(5 - x) and, beneath it, the given value x = 3. Replace that block with the substituted expression 4 + 2(5 - 3). Then run a sequence of focus-and-simplify passes in place: first highlight the contents of the parentheses, then replace with 4 + 2(2); next highlight the multiplication factors, then replace with 4 + 4; next highlight the addends, then replace with the first result 8. Keep that first result visible in the middle. Introduce the second worked example below the first result as another two-line block: 3(2 + x)^2 with x = 1 underneath. Replace it with the substituted expression 3(2 + 1)^2. Again run focus-and-simplify passes in place: highlight the parentheses contents, then replace with 3(3)^2; highlight the exponent step, then replace with 3 * 9; highlight the multiplication factors, then replace with the second result 27. Finish by copying the two solved results into a single bottom summary that shows the substituted first expression equals 8 and the substituted second expression equals 27. Use default styling for the title, PEMDAS reference, setup blocks, and non-active steps. During each simplification pass, temporarily highlight only the specific terms that justify the next rewrite: the numbers inside parentheses, the exponent marker when the power is being evaluated, and the factors or addends that are about to combine. Style the standalone results and the final bottom summary as final-answer content. Keep the PEMDAS reference near UP * 2, place the first example directly beneath it, keep the first result in place after it resolves, and place the second example below that first result with enough vertical spacing to keep both examples readable at once. The active middle objects at the end are the PEMDAS reference, the first result, and the second result. Keep every simplification as a full-expression replacement that happens in place. The emphasis passes should not add new math content; they should only mark the exact terms driving the next rewrite. The bottom conclusion should be derived from the solved middle results rather than introduced independently.",
      "voice_notes": "Use the visible PEMDAS reminder to justify every rewrite. In the first example, substitute x = 3, evaluate the parentheses, then multiplication, then addition to get 8. In the second example, substitute x = 1, evaluate the parentheses, then the exponent, then multiplication to get 27."
    }
  ]
}
