{
  "scenes": [
    {
      "scene_number": 1,
      "learning_objective": "Solve two-step equations by applying one inverse operation at a time and rewriting the full equation after each step.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'Two-Step Equations' at the top. Use the standard title, middle, and bottom zones from MANIM.md. In the middle zone, place 2x + 5 = 15 near the upper-middle, centered horizontally. Show a same-operation cue to the right of the equation for subtracting 5, styling the cue as an annotation distinct from the equation so it reads as an applied action rather than part of the algebra line. Replace the equation in place with 2x = 10 while the cue is still visible, then remove the cue. Show a second same-operation cue to the right for dividing by 2, then replace the equation in place with x = 5, and remove the cue. Clear the middle section before starting the next example so only one example is active in the middle at a time. Place 3x - 4 = 11 in the same upper-middle position. Show a same-operation cue to the right for adding 4, replace the equation with 3x = 15, then remove the cue. Show a second cue to the right for dividing by 3, replace the equation with x = 5, then remove the cue. Finish by copying that final solved equation to the bottom as the concluding answer while keeping the second solved equation visible in the middle. Use default styling for the equations themselves, distinct annotation styling for the right-side operation cues, and final-answer styling for the copied bottom conclusion only. Keep each temporary cue just to the right of the active equation with enough space that the cue remains readable without pushing the equation off-center. During each operation, the active middle objects are the current equation and the cue beside it. Do not introduce extra instructional text or balance-scale visuals. Keep each rewrite as a full-equation replacement in place, with the cue appearing separately to the right and fading out before the next cue appears.",
      "voice_notes": "Work through each equation one inverse operation at a time. In the first example, subtract 5, then divide by 2. In the second example, add 4, then divide by 3. Both examples end at x = 5."
    },
    {
      "scene_number": 2,
      "learning_objective": "Show that removing or adding a term on only one side is invalid, then correct the algebra by applying the same operation to both sides.",
      "visual_storyboard": "Keep the title 'Both Sides Matter' at the top. In the middle zone, place 2x + 5 = 15 near the upper-middle. Replace it with the incorrect rewrite 2x = 15 in the exact same location and give that rewritten line a dedicated error treatment so the viewer immediately reads it as invalid. Then replace that wrong line with the original equation again. Show a same-operation cue to the right for subtracting 5, styling the cue as an annotation distinct from the equation content, and replace the reset equation with 2x = 10. Remove the cue and clear the middle section. Next, place x - 7 = -2 in the same upper-middle position. Show a same-operation cue to the right for adding 7, then replace the equation in place with x = 5 and remove the cue. Finish by copying that solved equation to the bottom as the concluding answer while keeping the solved middle equation visible. Use default styling for valid equations, a dedicated incorrect-treatment style for the wrong intermediate line, distinct annotation styling for the right-side cues, and final-answer styling for the copied bottom conclusion only. Keep the title at the top, the worked equation centered around the upper-middle, and the final takeaway at the bottom edge. Each temporary cue should sit to the right of the active equation. Only one example is active in the middle at a time, and after the corrected first example reaches 2x = 10 the middle section should be cleared before the negative-number example appears. The wrong step should appear as a full-equation replacement, not as a side note. After the reset, handle the correction and the second example with the same cue-plus-rewrite pattern used in Scene 1.",
      "voice_notes": "First show the invalid move of changing only one side, then reset and correct it by applying the same operation to both sides. After that, use x - 7 = -2 to show the same rule with a negative value, ending again at x = 5."
    }
  ]
}
